hello ladies and gentlemen sorry flames
here and guys today I'm going to bring
you a actually a very serious commentary
today it's actually going to be a very
dumb is not only going to be to my
viewers it's more it's going to be
towards white boy seventh street that's
why I did his intro if you guys haven't
heard white boy seventh Street got his
house broken into and I'm sorry white
boy but get the fuck out of there man
I'm sorry and I'll you're like white boy
seventh street and all you gotta live on
seventh Street you're like you've been
on seventh Street your entire life but
dude I'm not even kidding if those
motherfuckers are going to come into
your house and trash it and do a bunch
of crap that's that's gonna hurt you cuz
I know what it's like being have someone
taking something away from you that
can't be replaced and I'm just gonna say
way to go um you know you tell that
motherfucker if he comes back to your
house again you're gonna fuck him up
because I know you will I know you have
the power to I know that you're amazing
call you all the time and I know that my
friend DP assassin follows you all the
time so yeah and I'm highly doubting
that whiteboy 7 Street something and we
watching this video but uh I'm just
putting this out there guys whiteboy 7
Street you like the best nobody can beat
you I had to dig to the bottom of my
fault to find this amazing gameplay just
boy boy seventh street and you know what
guys give them out support you can the
guy just guy's house robbed man that's
that's fucked up and for those fuckers
if you're watching this you
motherfuckers that uh fuck this house up
and screwed with his shit dude why the
fuck would you do that go suck a dick
and like just fucking quit life oh hang
yourself in a fucking locker room or
self
fucking idiots like I know that on white
boy street there's like fucking
fruitcakes all over the place doing all
this I'd be scared too white boy I'm not
even kick I'm not even kidding like when
you do something that makes boy boy cry
you know that you're fucking retarded if
you make white boy 73 cry oh my god I
don't want to I'm sorry guys I'm just so
pissed off at this guy's because white
boy stephanie is such a good guy he's so
like amazing commentator he's just
always funny he's always doing this and
just awesome how he is just so awesome
at everything and and some fucker comes
along and do does that like oh my god so
uh guys also you haven't if you don't
know white boy's mother he had like a I
thing was like a memorial kind of thing
for her and they went in and they fucked
that up and I'm sorry I'm I'm not even
gonna say anything fuckers like why in
the fuck would you do that to fucking
white boy when you know that oh my god
I'm sorry guys so mad at this I know
that a DP Assassins also very mad at
this but I don't know I'm just I didn't
play call of duty all day because of how
mad I am at this and uh white boy if you
ever get to see this I wish you good
luck and yeah I'm actually sorry guys
right there for the game played uh
there's host migration and the recording
kind of fucked up but yeah
but uh weapons demonstrates always been
my favorite commentator he's always been
my hero I always look up to him when I'm
playing call of duty I always look up to
him when I'm in life situations like Oh
what would whiteboy 7 Street do what do
you do there like and white boy if
you're hearing this stop posting shit on
Twitter and everywhere saying that where
you're going on vacay you're so you're
going on vacation because that's how
they knew that you're not going to be at
your house and that's why um so yeah um
another thing is white boy I don't know
how you're going to be doing without a
PlayStation for a little while but uh
hopefully best wishes to you you get up
videos whenever you can don't worry
about any of your viewers we're all
sticking with you buddy and so that is
great all I'm hoping that all you guys
go and go and like and leave responses
to him and send the messages and do
whatever you can to help him and support
him because white boy seventh Street is
a great guy and whoever did that to him
just fucking retarded go to hell uh but
yeah um
what else is there to say well sorry
white boy this video is for you I'm
going to leave a description for white
boys channel in the comment section or
in the description below and I'll see
you later guys
you